Update pull request template (#406)
civic-dashboard/civic-dashboard-web: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] This PR addresses all requirements described in the issue
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have tested these changes in my local environment

> - [ ] I will test in the preview URL that will be generated by the PR

Reviewer: perhaps:

```suggestion
- [ ] I have tested these changes in the preview site generated by this PR (you must finish opening the PR first)
```

so that the author doesn't check it and then forget to do it later (entirely possible to get distracted!)
